README.md, before:

# Sustainable-LZ

[![Actions Status][actions-badge]][actions-link]
[![Documentation Status][rtd-badge]][rtd-link]
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD--3--Clause-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Code style: black][black-badge]][black-link]


[actions-badge]:            https://github.com/seriksen/sustainable-lz/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[actions-link]:             https://github.com/seriksen/sustainable-lz/actions
[rtd-badge]:                https://readthedocs.org/projects/sustainable-lz/badge/?version=latest
[rtd-link]:                 https://sustainable-lz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
[black-badge]:              https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
[black-link]:               https://github.com/psf/black


Repo for calculating the carbon associated with the LUX-ZEPLIN experiment.


# Installation
This can be installed via

```bash 
git clone git@github.com:seriksen/sustainable-lz.git && cd sustainable-lz
pip install .
```


# Contributors
<!-- readme: contributors -start -->
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
            <td align="center">
                <a href="https://github.com/seriksen">
                    <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/5619270?v=4" width="100;" alt="seriksen"/>
                    <br />
                    <sub><b>Sam Eriksen</b></sub>
                </a>
            </td>
		</tr>
	<tbody>
</table>
<!-- readme: contributors -end -->


### Bots
<!-- readme: bots -start -->
<!-- readme: bots -end -->

Commit message:

feat: final push before gitlab migration and development

README.md, after:

# Sustainable-LZ

[![Actions Status][actions-badge]][actions-link]
[![Documentation Status][rtd-badge]][rtd-link]
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD--3--Clause-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Code style: black][black-badge]][black-link]


[actions-badge]:            https://github.com/seriksen/sustainable-lz/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[actions-link]:             https://github.com/seriksen/sustainable-lz/actions
[rtd-badge]:                https://readthedocs.org/projects/sustainable-lz/badge/?version=latest
[rtd-link]:                 https://sustainable-lz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
[black-badge]:              https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
[black-link]:               https://github.com/psf/black


Repo for calculating the carbon associated with the LUX-ZEPLIN experiment.

This is not longer pushed to. 
Code has been moved to gitlab. 


# Installation
This can be installed via

```bash 
git clone git@github.com:seriksen/sustainable-lz.git && cd sustainable-lz
pip install .
```


# Contributors
<!-- readme: contributors -start -->
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
            <td align="center">
                <a href="https://github.com/seriksen">
                    <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/5619270?v=4" width="100;" alt="seriksen"/>
                    <br />
                    <sub><b>Sam Eriksen</b></sub>
                </a>
            </td>
		</tr>
	<tbody>
</table>
<!-- readme: contributors -end -->


### Bots
<!-- readme: bots -start -->
<!-- readme: bots -end -->
